{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red240\green240\blue240;\red52\green52\blue52;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11940\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 CMPT 350 Assignment #2\
Joel Hill\
jgh719\
10344729\
\

\b Objective of Application\
\

\b0 The objective of this application was to provide an educational tool to provide to students and teachers that would help facilitate self guided learning.\
\
The application allows educators to generate and apply \'93achievements\'94 to student web profiles when said students meet certain goals. Each \'93achievement\'94 is worth a certain number of points, and as students reach goals, their total educational score increases.\
\

\b The Database Model\
\

\b0 The database contains three tables:\
\
students\
	studentID (primary key)\
	First name\
	Last name\
	email\
	date added\
\
achievements\
	id (key)\
	Name\
	Short description\
	Long Description\
	points\
	category\
	creation date\
\
achievements_earned\
	earned ID (key)\
	achievementID\
	studentID\
\
Each student is registered in the students table, and each achievement is stored in the achievements table. The third table, achievements_earned, linked the id\'92s of each student to each of the achievements that they have earned. For each achievement earned by a student, the student id and the id of the achievement are stored and used to retrieve the relevant data.\
\

\b Application Summary\

\b0 \
Views are all in html and javascript. Controllers were done php, as was the model. Data saved in mySQL database.\
\
\

\b Deploying to the Cloud\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b0 Signed up for an Amazon Web Services account\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	2.	}
\b0 Created a free Ubuntu based instance with the proper security group. Allowed for all inbound traffic on ports 80 and 22 to allow for ssh and http. All outbound traffic was allowed.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	3.	}
\b0 Installed the complete LAMP stack (Apache, mySQL, Php). Used the one step install command of 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
$ sudo apt-get install lamp-server^\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}
\b0 installed git, then cloned my web application source.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	5.	}
\b0 Moved web source code to /var/www/html (default apache folder)
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Web Url\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Public IP of server instance is: 52.37.80.104.
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}